Introduce version alias for current node version and project pined version (#1)
ehmicky/normalize-node-version: README.md

> Normalize and validate Node.js versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normalize and validate Node.js versions.
```

Can guess the current project's version using its `.nvmrc` if you use supported

> [aliases](#supported-aliases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[aliases](#supported-aliases).
```

> await normalizeNodeVersion('8.5.2') // Error: Invalid Node version

Reviewer: It might be add to change the text above `Example` with:

```
Normalize and validate Node.js versions.

Can guess the current project's version using its `.nvmrc`.
```

await normalizeNodeVersion('<7') // '6.17.1'
await normalizeNodeVersion('*') // Latest Node version, e.g. '12.8.0'

> await normalizeNodeVersion('*') // Latest Node version, e.g. '12.8.0'

Reviewer: This is a duplicate of the line above.

await normalizeNodeVersion('_') // Node version used by current process

> await normalizeNodeVersion('.') // Node version of project specified in either .node-version, .nvmrc or .naverc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
await normalizeNodeVersion('.') // Node version from a `.nvmrc`, `.node-version` or `.naverc` file in the current directory or any parent directory
```

The following environment variables can also be used: `NODE_MIRROR`,
`NVM_NODEJS_ORG_MIRROR`, `N_NODE_MIRROR` or `NODIST_NODE_MIRROR`.

> #### cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### cwd
```

Author: I saw it when building on aliases. 😁

_Type_: `string`\
_Default_: `process.cwd()`

> Folder to consider to start look for a node version file when using the `.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start from this directory when looking for a Node.js version file when using the `.`
```

> alias (`.node-version`, `.nvmrc` or `.naverc`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alias (`.node-version`, `.nvmrc` or `.naverc`).
```

### Supported aliases

> `normalizeNodeVersion` support some node version aliases you can use as

Reviewer: `normalizeNodeVersion` supports some Node version aliases you can use as

`versionRange`:

> - `_` : Node version used by current process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `_` : Node version used by current process.
```

- `.` : Node version from a `.nvmrc`, `.node-version` or `.naverc` file in the

>   current directory or any parent directory If no version file is found, it will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  current directory or any parent directory. If no version file is found, it will
```

>   resolve to current process version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  default to the current process version.
```
